1.What is the correct syntax to reference a fragment in RAML?
ANS: D. examples: !include examples/BankAccountsExample.ram

2. What is the use of API Notebooks?
ANS: C. Test API functions

3. What is the DataWeave expression to log the Content-Type header using a Logger component?
ANS: A. #["Content-Type: " ++ attributes.headers.’content-type’]

4. What is the trait name you would use for specifying client credentials in RAML?
ANS: C. client-id-required

5. What is the purpose of API autodiscovery?
ANS: B. Allows a deployed Mule application to connect with API Manager to download policies and act as its own API proxy.

6 What is NOT part of a Mule 4 event?
ANS: C. inboundProperties

7. According to MuleSoft, what is the Center for Enablement’s role in the new IT operating model?
ANS: D. Creates and manages discoverable assets to be consumed by line of business developers.

8. Which one of them is NOT a flow in Mule?
ANS: D. async sub flow

9. How are multiple conditions used in a Choice router to route events?
ANS: C. To find the FIRST true condition, then distribute the event to the ONE matched route.

10. What asset can NOT be created by using Design Center?
ANS: B. API Portals

11. A flow has a JMS Publish consume operation followed by a JMS Publish operation. Both of these operations have the default configurations.
Which operation is asynchronous and which one is synchronous?
ANS: A. Publish consume: Synchronous. Publish: Asynchronous.

12 According to Semantic Versioning, which version would you change for incompatible API changes?
ANS: C. MAJOR

13 What is the use of DevKit in Mule 4?
ANS: B. No use.

14 A Scatter-Gather processes a number of separate HTTP requests. Each request returns a Mule event with a JSON payload.
What is the final output of the Scatter-Gather?
ANS: A. An Object containing all Mule event Objects.

15 What are the latest specification of RAML available?
ANS: B. 1

16. http://dev.acme.com/api/patients?year=2016
What should this endpoint return?
ANS: D. Patients from year 2016

17. DataWeave is tightly integrated with ____________.
ANS: A. Mule runtime

18 In the Database On Table Row operation, what does the Watermark column enable the On Table Row operation to do?
ANS: C. To avoid duplicate processing of records in a database.

19 An API has been created in Design Center.
What is the next step to make the API discoverable?
ANS: C. Publish the API to Anypoint Exchange.

20 What is the correct way to format the decimal 200.1234 as a string to two decimal places?
ANS: C. 200.1234 as String {format: ".0#"}

21 How is policy defined in terms of classloader of an API?
ANS: A. Classloader isolation does not exist between the application, the runtime and connectors, and policies.

22 According to Mulesoft, how are Modern APIs treated as?
ANS: A. products

23 What is the object type returned by the File List operation?
ANS: D. Array of Mule event objects

24 Where are values of query parameters stored in the Mule event by the HTTP Listener?
ANS: B. Attributes

25 How can you call a flow from Dataweave?
ANS: C. Look up function

26 What is the value of the stepVar variable after the processing of records in a Batch Job?
ANS: C. Null

27 What is not an asset?
ANS: B. Template

28 How would you debug Mule applications?
ANS: A. Using breakpoints

29 What does to the attributes of a Mule event happen in a flow after an outbound HTTP Request is made?
ANS: C. Attributes are replaced with new attributes from the HTTP Request response.

30 The new RAML spec has been published to Anypoint Exchange with client credentials.
ANS: D. Request access to the API in Anypoint Exchange.

